README.md, before:

ASCII art movie Telnet player
=============================

Can stream an ~20 minutes ASCII movie via Telnet emulation
as stand alone server or via xinetd daemon. 

Screenshot:

<img src="screenshots/example.gif?raw=true" width=500>

Wanna see it in action? Just watch http://asciinema.org/a/3132


Tested with Python 2.6+, Python 3.5+

Original art work : Simon Jansen [http://www.asciimation.co.nz/](http://www.asciimation.co.nz/)  
Telnetification & Player coding : Martin W. Kirst  
Python3 Update: Ryan Jarvis
Dockerfile contributed by: Manuel Eusebio de Paz Carmona

Command line parameters
-----------------------

See program output:

    $ python ascii_telnet_server.py --help
    Usage: ascii_telnet_server.py [options]

    Options:
      -h, --help            show this help message and exit
      --standalone          Run as stand alone multi threaded TCP server (default)
      --stdout              Run with STDIN and STDOUT, for example in XINETD
                            instead of stand alone TCP server. Use with python
                            option '-u' for unbuffered STDIN STDOUT communication
      -f FILE, --file=FILE  Text file containing the ASCII movie
      -i INTERFACE, --interface=INTERFACE
                            Bind to this interface (default '0.0.0.0', all
                            interfaces)
      -p PORT, --port=PORT  Bind to this port (default 23, Telnet)
      -v, --verbose         Verbose (default for TCP server)
      -q, --quiet           Quiet! (default for STDIN STDOUT server)
      -r FPS, --framerate=FPS
                            Set the framerate of the movie(default 24)
      -s WIDTHxHEIGHT, --size=WIDTHxHEIGHT
                            Set the screen size of the movie(default 80x24).
                            Including the timebar, so the maximum framesize is
                            WIDTHx(HEIGHT-1)(default maximum 80x23)
      -S FRAME_WIDTHxFRAME_HEIGHT, --framesize=FRAME_WIDTHxFRAME_HEIGHT
                            Set the frame size(depending on the movie you are to
                            play) (default 67x13)

Run as stdout local player
--------------------------

Simply call this Python script by using the sample movie file:

    $> python ascii_telnet_server.py --stdout -f ./sample_movies/sw1.txt

Run as stand alone server
-------------------------

Simply call this Python script by using the sample movie file:

    $> python ascii_telnet_server.py --standalone -f ./sample_movies/sw1.txt
    Running TCP server on 0.0.0.0:23
    Playing movie sw1.txt

Run as docker container
-----------------------

Simply build & run the container and use the movie file as environment parameter the sample movie file:

    # Build image:
    $> docker build -t ascii-art-movie-telnet-player .
    
    # MODE STDOUT: Run as local player
    
    # with the default movie
    $> docker run -it --rm -e mode=stdout ascii-art-movie-telnet-player
    
    # with a custom movie file.txt (absolute path to file it's required):
    $> docker run -it --rm -v $(pwd)/your_movie.txt:/app/input_file.txt -e input_file=input_file.txt ascii-art-movie-telnet-player
    
    # MODE STANDALONE: Run as local telnet server
    # To test, open a telnet client in other terminal/session i.e. $> telnet localhost 23
    
    # with the default movie
    $> docker run -it --rm -p 23:23 -e mode=standalone ascii-art-movie-telnet-player
    
    # Run with custon input_file.txt movie
    $> docker run -it --rm -v $(pwd)/your_movie.txt:/app/input_file.txt -p 23:23 -e mode=standalone -e input_file=input_file.txt ascii-art-movie-telnet-player
    

Run as xinetd program
---------------------

place this configuration into `/etc/xinetd.d/telnet`:

    # default: on
    # description: An telnet service playing an ASCII movie, Star Wars Episode 4 
    service telnet
    {
            disable         = no
            socket_type     = stream
            protocol        = tcp
            port            = 23
            user            = root
            wait            = no
            instances       = 10
    
            log_type        = FILE /var/log/asciiplayer
            log_on_success  += PID HOST DURATION
            log_on_failure  = HOST
            server          = /usr/bin/python
            server_args     = -u -OO /opt/asciiplayer/ascii_telnet_server.py -f /opt/asciiplayer/sw1.txt --stdout
    }


Badapple movie 
--------------

Simply type
     
    $> python ascii_telnet_server.py -f ./sample_movies/badapple.txt --stdout -S 80x24 -s 80x25 -r 60

Commit message:

rename sample_movies to just movies, is simpler refine README content, add contributors

README.md, after:

ASCII art movie Telnet player
=============================

Can stream an ~20 minutes ASCII movie via Telnet emulation
as stand alone server or via xinetd daemon. 

Screenshot:

<img src="screenshots/example.gif?raw=true" width=500>

Wanna see it in action? Just watch http://asciinema.org/a/3132


Tested with Python 2.6+, Python 3.5+

Original art work : Simon Jansen [http://www.asciimation.co.nz/](http://www.asciimation.co.nz/)  
Telnetification & Player coding : Martin W. Kirst  
Python3 Update: Ryan Jarvis
Dockerfile contributed by: Manuel Eusebio de Paz Carmona
The asciimation of the video Big Apple contributed by @ZenithalHourlyRate

Available movies
----------------

See 

Command line parameters
-----------------------

See program output:

    $ python ascii_telnet_server.py --help
    Usage: ascii_telnet_server.py [options]
    
    Options:
      -h, --help            show this help message and exit
      --standalone          Run as stand alone multi threaded TCP server (default)
      --stdout              Run with STDIN and STDOUT, for example in XINETD
                            instead of stand alone TCP server. Use with python
                            option '-u' for unbuffered STDIN STDOUT communication
      -f FILE, --file=FILE  Text file containing the ASCII movie
      -i INTERFACE, --interface=INTERFACE
                            Bind to this interface (default '0.0.0.0', all
                            interfaces)
      -p PORT, --port=PORT  Bind to this port (default 23, Telnet)
      -v, --verbose         Verbose (default for TCP server)
      -q, --quiet           Quiet! (default for STDIN STDOUT server)
      -r FPS, --framerate=FPS
                            Set the framerate of the movie (default 24)
      -s WIDTHxHEIGHT, --screen_size=WIDTHxHEIGHT
                            Set the screen size of the movie (default 80x24).
                            Including the timeline, so the maximum frame size is
                            WIDTHx(HEIGHT-1) (default maximum 80x23)
      -S FRAME_WIDTHxFRAME_HEIGHT, --frame_size=FRAME_WIDTHxFRAME_HEIGHT
                            Set the movie's frame size (depending on the movie you
                            are to play) (default 67x13)

Run as stdout local player
--------------------------

Simply call this Python script by using the sample movie file:

    $> python ascii_telnet_server.py --stdout -f ./movies/sw1.txt

Run as stand alone server
-------------------------

Simply call this Python script by using the sample movie file:

    $> python ascii_telnet_server.py --standalone -f ./movies/sw1.txt
    Running TCP server on 0.0.0.0:23
    Playing movie sw1.txt

Run as docker container
-----------------------

Simply build & run the container and use the movie file as environment parameter the sample movie file:

    # Build image:
    $> docker build -t ascii-art-movie-telnet-player .
    
    
    ## MODE STDOUT
    
    # Run as local player with the default movie
    $> docker run -it --rm ascii-art-movie-telnet-player
    
    # with a custom movie file.txt (absolute path to file it's required):
    $> docker run -it --rm -v $(pwd)/your_movie.txt:/app/input_file.txt -e input_file=input_file.txt ascii-art-movie-telnet-player
    
    
    ## MODE STANDALONE:
    
    # Run as local telnet server to test,
    # open a telnet client in other terminal/session i.e. $> telnet localhost 23
    # (with the default movie)
    $> docker run -it --rm -p 23:23 -e mode=standalone ascii-art-movie-telnet-player
    
    # Run with custon input_file.txt movie
    $> docker run -it --rm -v $(pwd)/your_movie.txt:/app/input_file.txt -p 23:23 -e mode=standalone -e input_file=input_file.txt ascii-art-movie-telnet-player
    

Run as xinetd program
---------------------

place this configuration into `/etc/xinetd.d/telnet`:

    # default: on
    # description: An telnet service playing an ASCII movie, Star Wars Episode 4 
    service telnet
    {
            disable         = no
            socket_type     = stream
            protocol        = tcp
            port            = 23
            user            = root
            wait            = no
            instances       = 10
    
            log_type        = FILE /var/log/asciiplayer
            log_on_success  += PID HOST DURATION
            log_on_failure  = HOST
            server          = /usr/bin/python
            server_args     = -u -OO /opt/asciiplayer/ascii_telnet_server.py -f /opt/asciiplayer/sw1.txt --stdout
    }
